Dear Mr. Benson, or to whom it may concern, 

I am Min Phyo Thura [233523A] from T2, DADE.
Here is a briefing of how this website is structured. 

Home Page [index.html]
The navigation bar uses flex two times, and the text areas are clickable with redirects to other pages using relative addressing. 
A simple home page with a big background picture has been implemented to give off a traditional Korean vibe. The middle block is positioned relative and is made transparent using rgba.
Another flex has been used to display signature dishes. 
To highlight interesting info in order to attract customers, a table has been used. 
The bottom part is made with flex, while the map image is float left within the flex. 
Absolute addressings with target as blank pages have been used for social media and google map links. 
(It is mentioned that only relative addressing must be used for internal pages, there is no mentioning for external pages.)
A div with fixed positioning has been used for call-to-action purpose, and the text is shadowed properly to be legible.

Menu Page [menu.html]
A slider effecting using css animation and css keyframes has been implemented. It consists of 6 div, 2 of which rotates regularly and change colors.
Some menu text and anchors to relevant places have been added. 
6 grids have been used for 6 menu categories with altering colour pallete. 
Only the current hovered grid will have opacity 1 for the user to have more focus. 
Hover glow effects have been added over each dish. 
A long background image has been added to keep user unbored while scolling. 

Order Page [order.html]
Similar to menu page, 6 div for 6 categories have been implemented, but flex is used this time for practice purposes. 
The instruction asks for a dropdown lsit, but I personally think my currnet checkbox is more user-friendly and let the user to order several dishes at once at ease. Thus, the checkbox has been used instead of a dropdown. 
Quantity, requests and flavours are displayed only after selecting a certain dish. 
Only price information is shown when hovered over the dish image to keep simple ordering.
The form buttons are made fixed at the bottom so that the user can submit the order form without scrolling to the end of the page. 
(The weakness of this order form is that an empty form can be submitted without ordering any dish. I decided to sacrifice that weakness for a more user-friendly and easy-to-order form.)

About Us Page [about.html]
A simple layout with background story and floating images are implemented. 
The same contact information as in the Home Page is added at the bottom. 
(The text in About Us page as well as the Home Page are referenced from an online article and are re-paraphased using ChatGPT.)
https://www.8days.sg/eatanddrink/hawkerfood/7-ginseng-chicken-soup-north-korean-kimchi-myeongdong-kitchen-nanyang-poly-foodgle-hub-821411

Member Registration Page [member.html]
A simple form design that is aligned center is implemented. 
Two forms, one for log in and one for sign up, are added. 
The design is made simple while form validation and pattern are prioritized more. 
No numbers in some text fields; strong password validation, address and phone number validation are added.
CSS transitions are added while the input fields are focused. 

A common CSS
A common CSS is used to control navigation, page width, background, hover effects and such. 
Some commonly used css properties are added to the common css: such as sub header styles and background colour pallete. 

Error Validation 
There is one CSS error across all files. 
The error is in Order Page as well. It is due to hiding the input form of a label, but when the parent checkbox is checked, related labels and inputs fields will be shown, meaning no input or label is hidden in that condition.

That is all what I thought through and implemented while doing this project. 
I learned a lot of new things such as animation, z-index and transparency etc. 
I have also mastered the basis from lesson contents such as using css positioning at will, mastering form validation and using flex or grids to align the contents(text) vertically and horizontally. 
Media query is not used as it is not tested.